[Music]
hi everyone welcome back to my channel
into this video I'll show you what's in
my diaper bag now I don't really have a
separate diaper bag because I don't like
carrying two purses I usually have an
insert where I have all of my diaper bag
essentials and then I just switch out
that in turn from back to back the
insert is home totes every and this is
how is lost no this is not a sponsored
video by to observe you or anything like
that I just happened to like their
interests a lot I saw my sister you use
it and then you know I just thought when
I have a kid I'm going to use that in
certain and I got it anyway before I go
ahead and show you what's inside here I
need to juice my kids I have a toddler
with 5 years old and I have a newborn
and okay all this stuff in this insert
this is going to sound more and more
like an advertisement for toes to me but
it's not here let's go ahead and just
writing on the outside over here there's
a large flat pocket I carry a coloring
book for my toddler that keeps them busy
when we are outside on his board on the
other side I have two small pockets and
a medium-sized one on the top one inside
here I usually have my phone which I
don't have here right now obviously cuz
I'm home and in the bottom pocket I have
a pack of crayons it's like this medium
pocket I have a tiny purse with my
emergency stuff I'm not going to go
through that right now because I'll make
a separate video of what's in my purse
where I'll only go through the stuff
that I'm caring for myself in my first
oh man this video is strictly only just
about the Napper bag portion okay
so inside this is how it looks
there are few pockets here and here here
and in the middle they actually include
changing pads that you'll really have to
buy one I'll show you where right okay
on this side there are two large pockets
and two small ones in the top one I have
a couple of pacifiers for my newborn
don't worry I'm going to watch the
monitor the back after the video and
then in the bottom pocket I have an
organic healing balm while honest
company and I have a lotion and then a
small sample of lanolin and then a
diaper rash cream a couple of samples of
average creams and see what else is in
there for both nursing pads so over here
I have a large tub of formula and I have
my newborn's extra set of clothing to
have a pair of socks and I have one says
two bits of clothing I find that too
that are good enough for me so over here
I have a pull-up for my toddler and then
an extra set of folding for him as well
now the reason I have an extra set of
coating for my toddler even though his
body might claim one would he need an
extra set of clothing it's because he
you know what if you get too close dirty
or if you spill something in there I
just rather have something with me
better safe than sorry okay on this side
over here as you can see this pocket and
white lining inside because this one is
insulated and the white lining kind of
indicates that you know whenever you
look and you know like that's where your
body is usually going to be I haven't
used it with warm bottle so I don't know
how warm it with Katie but it feels
great in over here I usually try already
made formulas i supplements my newborn
with formulas ooh and when I'm out I
prefer having formulas rather than
nursing her I want to square this you
know Morgan's in the second pocket I
have a piece of muslin
this was actually empty because of I
usually have the bottle of water to mix
it with the dry formula that I showed
you earlier right now I'm on my anywhere
so in this pocket I have a pack of white
you can just buy these packets from
online I just got this from Amazon and
then I just put those gigolos one from
what's that company Huggies I like the
Huggies ones I'm not a big fan of the
Pampers might even the sensitive one for
some reason like I find it burned your
hand I don't know why like I'm I myself
am sensitive to them so I know you don't
my kids
and then I have like five six diapers so
that's about it I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if so please give me a thumbs
up and subscribe for more I'll be in my
next one thank you for watching bye bye